denon and in it and then none and in it
no hey what's up I am Joe from workbench
and as you can see our tutorial this
week is a little bit different but I can
assure you it is definitely After
Effects workflow related so there's a
lot of programs that let you just ran
Randor Randor there's a lot of programs
that you Randor there are a lot of
programs that let you render in the
background but I like the simplicity of
being able to render a completely
different composition and project in the
terminal so let me show you how I do
that
After Effects already comes with this
program AEE render installed and you
might have seen it before and if you
clicked on it it would just given you a
bunch of examples and help on how to use
the sexual thing but if you're
unfamiliar with the terminal it might
not help you very much so what you can
do is navigate to it in the terminal and
then run it and then navigate to your
project and type all that in but I'd do
it differently I use a script so
basically what we start with is this
line right here and it's called the
shebang it is the hash-bang slash bin
slash bash to signify that this script
is executable then you just put in your
directory to your After Effects AE
render which is right here application
slash Adobe and then this slash is
what's known as an escape and that
escapes the space so you don't have to
put this in quotes or anything so Adobe
slash space after slash space have
effects slapping and I get the idea so
after that you put - project and then
this special little section here quote
dollar sign one quote and what that is
is a variable we need to type and render
to run this script you're gonna put in
what's called an argument and that's
going to be the path to the file that
you want to render this basically
represents that so what I do is I save
this into my user directory right at the
root so you can see it's right here I'm
not gonna resave it or anything but it's
right there no file extension nothing
it's just render so we're done with that
that's text Wrangler if you wanted to
use that on a Mac it's a great program
for programming and stuff like that
right and so when you launch terminal
you're gonna type in L LS dash L and you
should see it right here render and as
you can see there's no X's in that which
means there's not executable so what
we're gonna do is type in CH
plus X render hit enter type in LS dash
L and now you can see it has a whole
bunch of X's on there if I take it off
which I've already done so I'm just
hitting up to go back to ones I've done
and I do dot slash render let's see it
says it's permission is denied but if I
do the chmod plus X and I do dot slash
render it'll actually run the program
should quit because there's nothing so
it shows me the help just like before
now what's cool about this is if you
have a project say I'd like this guy
right here got a little animation using
some joystick and sliders which is an
awesome plugin on a scripts if you do
any sort of character animation and I
have nothing in the render queue so what
I'm gonna do is add this to the render
queue and I'm going to turn that off I'm
gonna save this to my desktop straight
to the desktop save and instead of hit
and render say I want to work on
something else I'm gonna save this file
close the project and actually I'm gonna
close After Effects you don't have to
you can leave it open that's the point
of this is to keep it open and run you
know so you can keep working cuz that's
the point so you can keep After Effects
running and work on something else while
you're rendering so you can cram as much
work as possible into your day because I
know we all want to work harder and
longer right but seriously this will
help you if you have a couple of
deadlines and you need to get some stuff
out or if you you know have a personal
project you want to render in the
background and you want to keep working
on your actual work so let's find that
AEPi say pretty much everything to
dropbox so it is already right there and
i'm going to do dot slash render and
then this helpful little thing you can
do right here is drag that in puts an
extra space at the end I don't think it
matters so I'm just gonna run it as you
can see it's rendering there's this over
here these are all your frames this is
the count of your frames is the actual
number of your frames and tells you how
long it takes to render them all this is
running and you ever need to cancel it
hit ctrl C even if you're on a Mac
that's the break command for a terminal
see now I've got my little guy and there
he goes they're just gonna keep looking
around so that's pretty much it it's a
simple process and it allows you some
flexibility in your workflow I am Joe
from workbench if you have any comments
or questions please leave them down in
the comments below and make sure you
follow us on workbench TV for more great
tutorials I'll see you guys next week
bye